---
Release Date: 2023-08-23
Album:
  - To Let Go
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**[Chorus]**
Wish I never fell into numbers
Wish that I could dissipate my rage
Wish I could unearth my thunder
Artificial taste, it holds my name
Thought that I had always been numb
But now I can't ignore the bends and cracks
Wish that I could turn the noise off
Disassociate and not come back
.
.
.
.

**[Verse]**
Why do I come back?
Wish I weren't obsessed with purpose
Stay content with anything that's mine
Wish I weren't results of regrets
It's nauseating when I say "I'm fine"
So sick of waiting for an answer
Starin' at the sky in hopes it falls
The sum of all my charts and failures
I wish I couldn't feel a thing at all

**[Chorus]**
Wish I never fell into numbers
Wish that I could dissipatе my rage
Wish I could unearth my thunder
Artificial tastе, it holds my name
Thought that I had always been numb
But now I can't ignore the bends and cracks
Wish that I could turn the noise off
Disassociate and not come back
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Chorus]**
We're made for more than all of these numbers and names [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
.
There's so many warnings that I've been ignoring /Now it's shutting down [[04. Take me Anywhere]] 
My bones, my skin, breaking down, wearing thin [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
In this world of white noise, you're my favorite sound [[02. StopRewind]]

**[Verse]**
.
Give a bit, take a lot /Fill your cup it's not enough [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
Just let me be a little discontent [[09. Call it Off]]
You lived no regrets, tell 'em all you're fine, ain't it a lie? [[08. Right These Wrongs]]
The symbol of my regret [[11. Symbol of My Regret]]

```
````
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[08. Right These Wrongs]]
[[11. Symbol of My Regret]]