---
Release Date: 2023-09-18
Album:
  - To Let Go
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**[Intro]**
I used to wanna be a hero
Live long enough for me to come save the day
Used to wanna be a hero
Now I don't even know if I'ma be okay

**[Verse 1]**
I think I'd rather give it up than to give it my all
Too afraid to fly 'cause they want me to fall
I said to follow me to the ends of the earth
Well, take a look around, do you see any worth?
I'm sick of all the demons that I got to my name
And every other day, there's a new flavor of pain
I've been told put in the work, but I don't know what it takes
And now the star I try to follow just gets farther away

**[Pre-Chorus]**
Now I've been running, running, running 'til I hit the ground
I've been searching for forever, don't know what I found
I used to love the taste, but now I hate the sound
Tell me, when's it gonna come around?

**[Chorus]**
I used to wanna be a hero (Woah)
Live long enough for me to come save the day
Used to wanna be a hero (Woah)
Now I don't even know if I'ma be okay
So tell me, what's it gonna be?
I got nowhere to go and I just wanna leave, wanna leave
No, I'm not tryna be a hero
I'm just tryna be

**[Verse 2]**
Another year around a sun that's waitin' to burn
Another year of lessons I don't think that I learned
Another day, another night and then it's rinse and repeat
Another day, another fight with something inside of me
And now I said too many times "There's no stoppin' us now"
But I can't shut out the voices sayin' "It's not allowed"
We were young and so ambitious, there was no lookin' down
I used to have so many friends, now I'm a ghost town

**[Pre-Chorus]**
I've been running, running, running, don't know what I'd find
When all I really wanted was a place to hide
I used to love the rush, but now I hate the ride
I'm sick of the shit in my mind

**[Bridge]**
No, don't try to save me now
'Cause you don't even know me now
And I'll bet you couldn't save yourself
I'll bet you told nobody else

```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Intro]**
.
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
.
.
.

**[Verse 1]**
.
.
.
So follow me to the ends of the earth, Now take a minute and revel in it, And see how much you're worth [[04. To the Ends of the Earth]]
And even if you sign the line, pretend it's fine, My name, it isn't mine, I'm an object in your mind [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
Staring at the sky, You dream to one day become that star, The journey's do or die, But you're not willing to go that far [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]

**[Pre-Chorus]**
Day and night my mind is racing, Dents and foot prints I've been pacing. What am I supposed to find? [[02. StopRewind]]
I felt it breaking, then you came around, In this world of white noise, you're my favorite sound [[02. StopRewind]]
.

**[Chorus]**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**[Verse 2]**
Shined so bright, this star's gonna burn out [[01. Branded]]
When will I learn? [[03. To My Grave]]
.
.
.
True the rival's a voice in my head / Tell me pack up and leave it for dead [[01. Until the Wolves Come Out]]
.
.
.
.
Or did I give up all my passion and friends to run a factory line [[11. Leave Me Behind (Ft. Cam Steady)]]

**[Pre-Chorus]**
.
.
.
My mind's speaking every day/ And I'm losing my shit over what it says [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]

**[Bridge]**
You think I'm not worth saving You try and try to blame me / It's not all my fault [[11. Symbol of My Regret]]
```
````
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[04. To the Ends of the Earth]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[01. Until the Wolves Come Out]]
[[03. To My Grave]]
[[11. Leave Me Behind (Ft. Cam Steady)]]
[[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
[[11. Symbol of My Regret]]