---
Release Date: 2023-09-18
Album:
  - To Let Go
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**[Intro]**
(Viral)

**[Verse 1]**
It's how our days end and it's how they all start
We come together 'til we slowly drift apart
It's everyone versus everyone
(Always look down, never know where you're 'bout to run)
We never listen but we wanna feel seen
Big pain from a tiny lying screen
Now we're addicted to the poison
(See the whole world, but you never look up)

**[Chorus]**
Scrolling for a sign to get my fill
While everybody's running, I'm stuck still
But if I don't keep up, sure enough, they'll watch me drown
(Sure enough, they'll watch me drown)
I'm sick of how I monetize this pain
Chasing something viral in my veins
But if the numbers aren't up, maybe I should just break down (Woo!)

**[Verse 2]**
We're prayin', you're stayin' complacent in the envy we crave
We're hopin' and waitin' for someone else to tell us we'll all be okay
I see the hands of the clock, tick-tock, going backwards
My mind is slippin' just a little bit faster
So bury this sinner alongside the saints
You can't tell us apart when we're decayed

**[Bridge]**
Hopin' and waitin' for some goddamn good news, maybe
Please put it down soon
No one else can do it, so you gotta make it
Hopin' and waitin' for some goddamn good news, maybe
You gotta make it ("Yeah, yeah, just do it")
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Intro]**
.

**[Verse 1]**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
This world is what you need Where the monsters roam and the demons all feed (Hey!) [[03. Phantom]]

**[Chorus]**
.
.
How much further underwater can I sink? I'll never know [[05. To Let Go]]
But any day I can see myself sinking to the floor [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
It's ink that shows your toxicity in my veins (Veins) [[05. To Let Go]]
.

**[Verse 2]**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
One time for the saints and the sinners [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]


```
````
[[03. Phantom]]
[[05. To Let Go]]
[[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]