---
Release Date: 2023-07-22
Album:
  - To Let Go
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**[Verse 1]**
Faith alone can't get me where I need to go
'Cause I should know that you don't wanna get better
When we collide, the worst and darkest parts of me
Come back to life, they weigh me down
Now I'm tethered (Tethered)

**[Pre-Chorus]**
I'll take your fall and lose it all, you write the narrative
'Cause you won't see reality for what it really is
Suffocate and compensate 'til I'm empty in the end
And you still take when I got nothin' lеft

**[Chorus]**
But all I ever wanted was for you
To havе some faith in me (Have some faith in me)
Now all that I could ask for is for you
To fuckin' let me be (To fuckin' let me be)
.

**[Verse 2]**
Faith alone holds all the strings that dangle me
Now I don't know what dances in my mirror
As time moves on, I say you're gone but it feels the same
It's ink that shows your toxicity in my veins (Veins)

**[Pre-Chorus]**
I'll take the fall and lose it all, for what? I'll never know
.
And you can't find the nerve to wish me well (Wish me well)
The memories and promises, were they all just for show?
.
Your photographs, they show somebody else
.


**[Refrain]**
How much further underwater can I sink? I'll never know
Now I can barely hold on, what I need is strength to let go
All I ever wanted was for you to have some faith in me
Tell me, why you can't just let this be

**[Bridge]**
Take all you want, 'cause I'm devoid of anything
You don't contain no empathy
I'm starved for anything that makes me feel alive
Drain me of every memory

**[Chorus]**
All I wanted was some faith in me
Now all that I could ask for is for you
To fuckin' let me be (To fuckin' let me be)

**[Refrain]**
How much further underwater can I sink? I'll never know
Now I can barely hold on, what I need is strength to let go
All I ever wanted was for you to have some faith in me
Tell me why you can't just let this be
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Verse 1]**
.
.
.
Eye to eye our worlds collided / Ear to ear you kept me smiling / Kept me happy, kept me grounded [[02. StopRewind]]
.

**[Pre-Chorus]**
'Cause I'm just another story That's not worth a reading …  Why aren't you afraid that I'll take a fall? [[02. StopRewind]] 
.
.
.
.

**[Chorus]**
[Author’s note - there’s not a 1:1 lyric I could link here 
however the chorus sounds like a response to [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
in that idtbity is about having no faith in an upcoming star]

**[Verse 2]**
Pull every string attached, Verify all the tropes Ain't no turning back [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
Made my mirror show someone I don't know [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
It's underneath my skin, Like ink that's still reminding me [[04. Take me Anywhere]]

**[Pre-Chorus]**
Don't look before you take the fall, Who knows when you could lose it all [[09. We Are Ignited]]
Maybe you could find the strength /To smile and wish me well [[06. Manipulate]]
I feel your heartbeat, wrap yourself around me / Is it all for show? Because I'm good to go [[02. Smoke and Guns]]
The mirror shows somebody else [[01. Branded]]

**[Refrain]**
It weighs me down to this ocean floor / I know I'll drown yet I'm begging for more [[08. All I See]]
Yeah, maybe life will be easy / If I learned how to let go [[09. Call it Off]]
.
.

**[Bridge]**
.
.
A thousand widened smiles / But none contain no empathy [[04. Take me Anywhere]]
```
````
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[09. We Are Ignited]]
[[06. Manipulate]]
[[02. Smoke and Guns]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[08. All I See]]
[[09. Call it Off]]
