---
Release Date: 
Album: 
Song Types:
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
(That pain comes with me to my grave
That-that pain comes with me to my grave)
.
.

**Verse 1**
With every time I'd fall
You're waiting there to catch me
.
But now I feel so small
.
With your eyes always watching me
.
Five nights until I descend
.
Relapse and I'm spiraling again
Little monsters are in my head
When will they learn?
.

**Chorus**
When our fear and our delusion takes a hold
And reality, it fails
The stage is set for us to fade away
Insanity prevails
So take (So take) my reigns (My reigns), only as strong as my pain
But that pain comes with me to my grave
.

**Post-Chorus**
(That pain comes with me to my grave
That-that pain comes with me to my grave)

**Verse 2**
I can see right into their eyes
I can't breathe and there's nowhere left to hide
I can listen but never learn
They're making bets with the hope to watch this burn
It's make or break, don't you take this irrelevance
The blood spilt into deep pools of evidence
Take a stab and see me bleed for the hell of it
When will I learn?
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
To the grave we only take our name [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
Remember my name, I'm gonna take this to the grave [[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]

**Verse 1**
Now you've got me pinned up against the wall / Why aren't you afraid that I'll take a fall? [[02. StopRewind]]
I feel so small that I got it all, what I can't afford [[09. Call it Off]]
Paper thin, they're seeing right through me, oh-whoa-oh [[04. Take me Anywhere]]
Five nights, it shouldn't seem so long [[07. No More]]
We're voices in your head / We're the monsters under your bed [[06. This is the End]]
They never learn to wait their turn [[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]

**Chorus**
Is this a nightmare or just a dream? I've lost my mind, I've lost myself [[05. Home]]
All curtains drawn, A stage of smog is setting up the scene, Your final call won't blackout all the fake I see [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
I'll take the reigns and steer through this ride, I'll make my way and cross through that line [[11. Ask for More]]

**Post-Chorus**
.
.

**Verse 2**
You learn to breathe, but you can't see you're drowning [[08. Drowning]]
Nowhere to hide and now we're through [[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
They're setting up and you're the punchline, You learned you're never in demand (Hoo!) [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
Said it's make or break like I'm chasing after dreams (Chasing after dreams) [[08. Forgotten]]
You could break my bones and watch me bleed [[08. All I See]]
My bones, my skin, breaking down, wearing thin Won't break my will, no I'm not giving in &
Don't let 'em see you bleed, don't want your weakness showing [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
```
````
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[09. Call it Off]]
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[07. No More]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
[[05. Home]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[11. Ask for More]]
[[08. Drowning]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[08. Forgotten]]
[[08. All I See]]
