---
Release Date: 2022-01-21
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - Attack on Titan
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Chorus**
I'm stuck inside these walls
I'm taking every step with permission
I'm waiting for the fall
I'm dying living in these conditions

**Verse 1**
Why can't I see the world beyond the walls we've built?
There's so much more out there, yet we're all standing still

**Pre-Chorus**
A world's beyond our vision
I'm running out of forgiveness
But I made my decision
And now I can see what we're missing

**Chorus**
I'm stuck inside these walls
I'm taking every step with permission
I'm waiting for the fall
I'm dying living in these conditions
War inside my mind
Left us all to diе
I'm stuck inside these walls
Now I'm not еven living

**Verse 2**
So would you sit content to watch and waste away?
Will you join the hunt or will you die the prey?
What message are we sending?
A horror story happy ending?

**Bridge**
With every single moment, I'm alive
I'll find a way, I know that I'll survive
We fight, we conquer
Now we've become the hunter
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Chorus]**
Now you've got me pinned up against the wall, Why aren't you afraid that I'll take a fall? [[02. StopRewind]]
.

**Verse 1**
I'm scared to chase what I've been dreaming, Beyond a want and now I need it, Push me by surprise, So I can take the dive [[02. StopRewind]]

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**[Chorus]**
And I'm losing it, so sick of it, The door's open but I built up a wall [[07. Sleight of Hand]]
… but you never found a way, A clear way out of this place, Took your fall, hide behind these walls [[10. Reclaim Your Throne]]
My god, I'm the bait and the predator's my mind /It eats at me all the time (Eats at me) [[02. StopRewind]]

**Verse 2**
Would you never die if you lived a life, Frozen and empty?
What you fighting for when you start a war?, And you're your own worst enemy? [[10. Bones]]
.

**Bridge**
I've found the strength and now I know where I can confide
I've found a way to tame my own monster inside
I've made my way and now I see it, I can reach it now
Hold on to me, be sure you've got it memorized
Yeah we'll survive the night
(bridge - preserved in formatting) [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
```
````

*Note: “Happy ending” only shows up once in direct terms before this song (Salvaged) which I think is interesting* 
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[07. Sleight of Hand]]
[[10. Reclaim Your Throne]]
[[10. Bones]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]