---
Release Date: 2022-02-14
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
(Time to let go, time to move on)
(It's time to let go, time to move on)

**Verse 1**
It's you and me, rebuilding our mistakes
It's hard to see what's real and what is fake
I'll take a chance, decisions that I make
Decisions that I make are in my hands
I'm all alone, alone when I'm with you
I'm breaking down, I see that you are too
It's all the same, I'll make you something new
I'll make you something new

**Chorus**
So fly me out so far away
To what I couldn't see
And bury me where you can't breach
My insecurity
It's time to let go, time to move on
Time to take on a different name
It's so cold, it's so cold inside of your flame

**Verse 2**
I'll break and mend, I'm building every breath
Drawn to life, it's burning me to death
And all your ghosts you're hiding underneath
Are burning at the seams, they're not dead yet
They're searching for me, they can't see
That I'm not real and this isn't me
They scream and shout, prey on my doubt
But I think I've found my way out
(I've found my way out)

**Bridge**
Now I've got one lesson left to learn
Don't start fires when there's nothing left to burn
Now I'm so far gone to replace my pain
What I'm made to do, I know you're to blame
Now I've got one lesson left to learn
Don't start fires when there's nothing left to burn
Now I'm so far gone to replace my pain
What I'm made to do, I know you're to blame

**Chorus**
*So fly me out so far away (Ah, away)*
*To what I couldn't see*
*And bury me where you can't breach*
*My insecurity*
I'm angry, I'm confused and I've been
Left away to rot
You built me up to break me down
Took everything I've got

**Outro**
Time to let go, time to move on
Time to take on a brand new name
It's so cold, it's so cold
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here? [[09. Madness]]

**Verse 1**
.
My reasoning is logical like it’s all in my dreams [[10. Bones]]
Now, you'll be living with your decisions / It's who we are inside [[03. Delete Me]]
But you can't deny it / It's falling apart, tearing up at the seams [[04. Take me Anywhere]]

**Chorus**
.
.
.
My name, it isn't mine, I'm an object in your mind [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
The medications, new sensations have left you out in the cold [[09. We Are Ignited]]

**Verse 2**
Not gonna break and bend [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
.
.
.
You can scream, you can shout / But this will all end soon [[06. This is the End]]
Now once upon a time, I made a deal / I gave it all up for what? It isn't real [[08. One Last Time]]

**Bridge**
You think I'm not worth saving
You try and try to blame me
It's not all my fault
You are what you created
So what's it say if you hate it?
It's not you at all [[11. Symbol of My Regret]]
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Outro**
Can you change my name? Can you replace my pain? [[11. Obsolete]]
```
````
[[09. Madness]]
[[10. Bones]]
[[03. Delete Me]]
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[09. We Are Ignited]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[08. One Last Time]]
[[11. Symbol of My Regret]]