---
Release Date: 2022-06-20
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - Poppy Playtime
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1: NateWantsToBattle & Will Ryan**
I hear your voice, I smell your lies, you're near
I see a smile hiding teeth that feast upon my fear
I don't know how, how I got stuck in here
With you 
You call me out, you never say my name
And now the story's getting boring, yeah, they're all the same
Now let me guess, we all go down in flames
With you?

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
So let your demons go
And just give up the ghost
They wanna be alone
No, they don't wanna suffer with you
So tear me limb from limb
My patience wearing thin
I wasted so much time
Debating all of my sins with you

**Verse 2: NateWantsToBattle & Will Ryan**
Don't give me games 'cause I can barely hold on
Say I'm to blame but you know what went wrong
I'm on the train that's soon to be long gone
From you
Where did we go and is it all over yet?
You'd like to know, you think that your stage is set
But now I know to reject all promises
From you

**Bridge: NateWantsToBattle, Will Ryan, Both**
I hear your voice
I smell your lies
I see your smile
I'm not surprised
I hear your voice (I hear your voice)
I smell your lies (I smell your lies)
I see your smile
And I'm not surprised, and I'm not surprised
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Verse 1: NateWantsToBattle & Will Ryan]**
.
.
I've forgotten what it's like for me to smell your fear [[07. The Finale]]
.
.
.
Not every story's important, It doesn't have to be [[10. One Way Ticket]]
We could all go down in flames [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
Let's see how many pieces you can cut me into [[11. Obsolete]]
My bones, my skin, breaking down, wearing thin [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
*Be still, and give up your spirits / They don't belong to you. - Fnaf 6 Henry Speech* 
Relinquish me from all my sins [[02. Let Me In]]

**Verse 2: NateWantsToBattle & Will Ryan**
If it ends then where do I begin? [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
You live on making promises you can't keep / You're running from the consequence you won't reap [[07. Nothing to Me]]
A stage of smog is setting up the scene/ Your final call won't blackout all the fake I see [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
You're not to blame, I know we're the same [[09. What You Want (Ft. JT Music)]]
```
````
[[07. The Finale]]
[[10. One Way Ticket]]
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[11. Obsolete]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[Media References]]
[[02. Let Me In]]
[[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
[[07. Nothing to Me]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[09. What You Want (Ft. JT Music)]]