---
Release Date: 2022-08-29
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
We were getting off the ground
To leave our pain behind
So how you gonna burn this down
With nothing left to find?
Yeah, we were gonna run this town
But now you've gone and locked me out

**Pre-Chorus**
I guess you finally found yourself pretending to be
Pretending to be someone else, a walking shell

**Chorus**
You live on making promises you can't keep
You're running from the consequence you won't reap
Sell me out in the end, were you ever a friend?
But it was never perfect, tell me, was it all worth it?
Thought you were my family, but now you're nothing to me

**Post-Chorus**
Yeah, now you're nothing to me

**Verse 2**
So way to go, you superstar
It's lonely at the top (Lonely at the top)
But know that when you're ten feet tall
It hurts more when you drop
But now we're running out of time
I can't believe you wasted mine

**Pre-Chorus**
It's really looking like you're fine pretending to be
Pretending to be a coded lie

**Bridge**
You said you were hurting, that you were in pain
Was that another part of your game?
You hide in your mask and pretend you belong (Ooh)
Am I just a line in your song?
You said you'd regret this but still followed through
Now tell me, what was I to you?

**Post-Chorus**
It was never ever perfect, tell me, was it all worth it?
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
Second wind, and it's picking me up right off the ground [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
.
Oh, my doors are locked up / No one is getting in [[09. Call it Off]]

**Pre-Chorus**
.
To a shell that's hollowed out
Before I knew I became one of them [[06. Paid in Exposure]]

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Post-Chorus**
.

**Verse 2**
*Way to go superstar! I knew you could do it!" - Glamrock Freddy Security Breach*
.
.
*Please hurry, you do not have much time. - Glamrock Freddy Security Breach*

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.

**Bridge**
.
.
.
Put on a mask to hide yourself /That made you one of us now [[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
```
````
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[09. Call it Off]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[Media References]]
[[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
