---
Release Date: 2022-09-19
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro: Ahren Gray**
Scrap heap!

**Verse 1: Ahren Gray**
I rot away and I look death in the face
I start to wither and I'm truly afraid
A greater purpose left me all not the same
My time is running out but you could never forget my name
.
.

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle & Ahren Gray**
We'll only wither away, we're gonna fall to decay
I always come back, you'll never see the last of me
We're just a husk of our names, a rotting pile of pain
I'll set your world on fire and send you straight to the scra-a-ap heap

**Verse 2: Ahren Gray**
We will not be spared, we will not be saved
So take this to your grave, when you're a kid who lost their way
Too damn long that I've roamed these halls
But soon, you'll join us for a bite and you can live within these walls

**Breakdown:NateWantsToBattle & Ahren Gray**
Ugh, roh!
I always come back, you're never getting rid of me
I'll set your world on fire and send you straight to the scrap heap!
Straight to the scrap heap, straight to the scrap heap!
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro: Ahren Gray**
.

**Verse 1: Ahren Gray**
I wake up to find the passing of time / Made my mirror show someone I don't know [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
Remember my name, every replay until you find my grave / Remember my name, you don't get to take this to your grave [[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle & Ahren Gray**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 2: Ahren Gray**
*You will not be spared. You will not be saved. - Nightmare UCN*
We're only kids who lost our way, But if we wait long enough, we will be saved [[08. Nightmare]]
Take a bite and feed / Your satisfaction guaranteed [[03. Phantom]]
```
````
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]
[[Media References]]
[[08. Nightmare]]
[[03. Phantom]]
