---
Release Date: 2022-07-25
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Maybe I'm a broken man
Or maybe I can barely stand
But the two of us are trapped in here again
I know that it's so bittersweet
Fitting now but it's still me
It's something beautiful and it's back from the dead
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
Maybe you'll come around
Or maybe I'll burn it down before we make a decision
Maybe we'll see eye to eye
Or maybe I'll come alive before we make our way in
.

**Chorus**
I've been looking in the mirror, I've been losing me
Running in a lonely race
The finish line's a cursed place, yeah
All the pain and all the anger is my only home
Every night, I scream and shout
But I know that there's no way out

**Verse 2**
Don't you tell me I'm to blame
You're the one who sparked these flames
Despite your actions
I always come back (I always come back)

**Chorus**
*I've been looking in the mirror, I've been losing me*
*Running in a lonely race*
*The finish line's a cursed place, yeah*
*All the pain and all the anger is my only home*
*Every night, I scream and shout*
*But I know that there's no way out*
I've been running from my fear, it's eating me alive
Find another way to sell a room that is my own in Hell
All the pain and all the anger is my only home
Every night, I scream and shout
But I know that there's no way out

**Outro**
Maybe one day, you'll find humanity
'Til then, don't you dare say that we are the same
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
….*whatever it is, will remain broken and unable to do more damage. - Tape girl about glitchtrap
Bittersweet... but fitting. - Afton Quote FNaF6
"You may not recognize me at first but I assure you, it's still me..” -FNaF6 (?) Afton 
"What is this new prison? It is me trapped, or it is you? Perhaps it's us both." - Withered Bonnie* 

**Pre-Chorus**
Now this fire has ignited / Now you'll burn as well [[10. One Way Ticket]]
We could all go down in flames (Flames, flames, flames, flames) [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
Eye to eye our worlds collided / Ear to ear you kept me smiling [[02. StopRewind]]

**Chorus**
The mirror shows somebody else [[01. Branded]]
I was broken and alone / In that hell I called my home [[05. Salvaged]]
That I'm not real and this isn't me /They scream and shout, prey on my doubt / But I think I've found my way out [[05. Time To Move On]]

**Verse 2**
You think I'm not worth saving / You try and try to blame me It's not all my fault/ You are what you created [[11. Symbol of My Regret]] 
*I always come back - William Afton*

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Outro**
Maybe one day, you'll find humanity
'Til then, don't you dare say that we are the same [[07. No More]]
```
````
[[10. One Way Ticket]]
[[Media References]]
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[05. Time To Move On]]
[[11. Symbol of My Regret]]
[[07. No More]]