---
Release Date: 2022-10-03
Album:
  - Scrap Heap
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Now I'm afraid you've been misinformed
I know you've suffered but it's time to be reborn
I've heard myself and now I'll practice the words that I preach
It's so close but somehow out of reach
All my life, I've debated
But our connection is terminated
And once the smoke has cleared
I'll be waiting for all of you again on the other side

**Chorus**
Now it's a new day and now's your time to shine
The entertainment's enough to easе your mind
Don't mind the voices you hear insidе your head
Don't mind the monsters that hide beneath your bed
Don't wanna regret the message sent
But it's what you said in the end (What you said in the end)
Will you free me? Unbound my hands
Then I'll wave farewell, singing "See you around, my friend"

**Post-Chorus**
(See you around, my fri-iend)
O-o-oh!

**Verse 2**
So what do you think you make me out to be?
Some kind of monster you only see in your dreams
But when it's dark out, they'll rise and roam about
Is this the end, or will they always hunt us down?
It's time to wake up, 'cause soon you'll be set free
And by then, there's nothing left to want from me
How I hate how I can't even recognize your smile anymore

**Breakdown**
Go!
Now in the back of my mind, didn't know what I'd find
But I found out I was the monster this whole time
(The monster this whole time)

**[Outro]**
There's nothing
There's nothing left to want
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
*”But I'm afraid you've been misinformed.”* 
.
.
Convictions I got, I don't show it [[09. What You Want (Ft. JT Music)]]
*”Always seeming so near, yet somehow out of reach.”*
*”Connection terminated.”*
*”For most of you I believe there is peace, and perhaps warm, Waiting for you after the smoke clears”*


**Chorus**
”*It’s a new day. It’s your time to shine!” - FNaF6 tutorial*
I'm hearing voices in my head [[01. Branded]]
We're voices in your head / We're the monsters under your bed [[06. This is the End]]
Why can't you let me be?/ I just want to be set free [[06. This is the End]]
Oh what an evening, now you're leaving / With my hands still tied [[02. Smoke and Guns]]
So I'll see you around, my friend [[04. All Endings]]
.
*”So, don't keep the Devil waiting, old friend.” - FNaF6 speech*

**Post-Chorus**
.
.

**Verse 2**
You dream the impossible, A shepherd herding your mindless cattle / Don't you act so surprised / Once you've seen what they've done to us this time [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
We roam and we invite / You won't survive the night [[06. This is the End]]
.
.
It's only a nightmare and soon, we'll be set free [[08. Nightmare]] 
.
I only wish to see you smile / You're such an interesting child / Now there's no need to fight [[01. Promise Me]]



**Breakdown**
In the back of my mind
I've been trying to chase a monster this whole time
But I couldn't see the monster was me[[08. Nightmare]]
.

**Outro**
Now is this what you want and what you need
It's all that you expect from me [[09. What You Want (Ft. JT Music)]]
```
````
[[Media References]]
[[09. What You Want (Ft. JT Music)]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[02. Smoke and Guns]]
[[04. All Endings]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[08. Nightmare]]
[[01. Promise Me]]
