---
Release Date: 2023-09-18
Album: []
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1: Natewantstobattle**
And maybe I could say it's the last time
But maybe I could say that I'm scared
.
.
.
Another melody of somebody's story
I'll finally admit I don't care
.
.
.
.
.
.
It's been years and I can feel the end is near
'Cause I'm burnt out and I'm mangled
.
.
.
.
Ready to wake up from this nightmare
Wake me up
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 2: Cam Steady**
'Fore I close the book, I always flip to the start
I'm just tryna get a look at why I'm sick of the art
.
It all began with a spark
.
But the power, fame, dollars and change took the charge
.
.
.
And made me less than its parts
.
.


**Pre-Chorus: Cam Steady**
I didn't want it this way, I used to long for this day
.
.
.
.
.
.
Yeah, sure, the money was great but sucked me into this phase
And now the dream that I was chasin' seems to chain me in place
'Cause this game, it just takes and it takes, and it takes

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
Will I rot away?
.
.
And if I say what's on my mind
Will they all leave me behind?
I thought I was safe
.
.
.
.
Thought that I'd see brighter days
.
.
.
.
.
.
Was I a shadow meant to fade all along?
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 3: NateWantsToBattle**
Did I lose my way from pretending?
.
.
.
.
Another suit without a soul
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
So many years, I thought it was ending
.
.
But it opened up and swallowed me whole
.
.
.
.
.
No happy ending will rise and show themselves
So I gotta reach out
And write an ending, an ending for myself
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 4: Cam Steady**
'Fore I close the book, I always skip to the end
.
See, will I ever fall in love with makin' music again?
Or did I give up all my passion and friends to run a factory line
That'll just replace me when I finally left? Yeah
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus: Cam Steady**
Wanna know the day I knew nobody pray for me?
The day somebody told me, "This ya legacy"
.
.
.
.
This is what you'll stay to be unless you make a break
.
.
.
.
.
'Cause this game, it just takes and it takes, and it takes

**Bridge: NateWantsToBattle**
It's been years
There ain't nothing for me here
I was broken and alone
But now I'm home
.
.
.

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
(Will I) Rot away?
And if I say what's on my mind
Will they all leave me behind?
I thought I was safe
Thought that I'd see brighter days
Was I a shadow meant to fade all along?

**Breakdown: NateWantsToBattle**
Will I rot away?
If I stand up and say
Say what plagues my mind?
Will they leave me?
Will you leave me behind?
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1: Natewantstobattle**
Now time and time again, I swear I'm done [[10. One Way Ticket]]
I know I swore that this was the last time, The madness never ends, up in my mind [[09. Madness]]
A cry for help, that's what you're thinking or you're wishing, Well maybe I just wanna vent [[09. Call it Off]]
I don't understand what you see in me,'Cause I'm just another story (That's not worth a reading) [[02. StopRewind]]
Not every story's important, It doesn't have to be [[10. One Way Ticket]]
It's been years, Since I've seen a face 'round here [[05. Salvaged]]
Shined so bright, this star's gonna burn out [[01. Branded]]
Now you're running out of power, Leave you mangled and winding away [[02. Mangled]]
I'll wake you up and let you know it's done [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
It's time to wake up, 'cause soon you'll be set free, And by then, there's nothing left to want from me [[10. Nothing Left to Want]]
It's only a nightmare and soon, we'll be set free [[08. Nightmare]]

**Verse 2: Cam Steady**
And I found that I don't really know me well, Flip through try to find a spell [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
But we're all bound to end up back to where we started, yeah [[03. Phantom]]
Ignite the spark, illuminate the dark and light your way [[09. We Are Ignited]]
In the end we're bound to change, We're made for more than all of these numbers and names [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
Branded with dollar-sign shaped scars, We're in a special kind of hell [[01. Branded]]
Let's see how many pieces you can cut me into, Let's count all the excuses, That you have piled up inside your room [[11. Obsolete]]

**Pre-Chorus: Cam Steady**
Already done, I'm on the run, Rise up for the fall [[07. Sleight of Hand]]
To pack my bags and run, On and on, I could never escape my fate [[09. Madness]]
I've been looking in the mirror, I've been losing me, Running in a lonely race, The finish line's a cursed place, yeah [[09. Always Come Back]]
Lambo's and your shiny rings, Go as far as you can throw it [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
.
.
.
.

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
I rot away and I look death in the face, I start to wither and I'm truly afraid [[08. Scrap Heap (Ft. Ghost Fight)]]
I could never say, The words it takes to make your heart break [[07. Sleight of Hand]]
Or put it out, relinquish these words from my mouth [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
That's a lie, if I don't reach out then how could it be mine? [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
I'm your sunshine, whoa / I'm gonna burn down your parade [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
The medications, new sensations have left you out in the cold /You pray and hope for better days [[09. We Are Ignited]]
Was it out of love or out of fear? / If you ask me, I don't know [[04. Take me Anywhere]]
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here? / Why can't I move on? What do I still fear? [[09. Madness]]
There's nothing left to say, just let me fade away /Just let me fade away [[11. Obsolete]]
You're not a shadow, you won't fade [[09. We Are Ignited]]
They say that we're nobodies /Only shadows we're meant to fade [[06. Hold On to You]]
And reality, it fails / The stage is set for us to fade away [[03. To My Grave]]
This machine is too obscene and I can't let it fade away [[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]
Soon enough you'll burn and fade away [[09. Shell]]
Am I forever young or will I simply fade before I’m old? [[10. Bones]]

**Verse 3: NateWantsToBattle**
And we'll pretend, we'll just pretend / Pretend that day would never end [[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
But I cannot pretend / I know that this can't be the end [[06. This is the End]]
I'm not the man I thought I was, but I swear that I'm gonna be [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
I never meant to fit this mold / I'm simply doing what I'm told / Painted up and watered down / To a shell that's hollowed out [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
We want to fly but our souls are trapped inside [[08. Nightmare]]
Wear a mask to hide yourself / When really it makes us the same [[02. Mangled]]
Father of children without a home / Creator of vessels without a soul [[02. Stay the Course (Ft. CG5)]]
I guess you finally found yourself pretending to be / Pretending to be someone else, a walking shell [[07. Nothing to Me]]
The end is so damn soon [[12. Count the Teeth]]
If it ends then where do I begin? [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
Hey, I'm sick of feeling I'm sinking /I'm getting so sick of thinking /'Cause it just makes me wanna stop [[09. Call it Off]]
But yet, we end up back at the start again / Remember when I said this is the end? [[11. Obsolete]]
Reaching out 'cause I want something more /That I've never had before [[02. StopRewind]]
I'll fight and defend / I'll see this out 'til the end [[04. To the Ends of the Earth]]
All of these ghosts, they're from deep inside you / No happy ending will ever find you [[05. Salvaged]]
But if we wait long enough, we will be saved [[[08. Nightmare]]
No happy endings will ever find you / Your heavy breathing and pain will end soon [[07. The Finale]]

**Verse 4: Cam Steady**
Flip through try to find a spell / Now we're stated, overrated [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
Can we stop and rewind? (Can we stop and rewind?) / I'm not so sure [[02. StopRewind]]
.
.
But it was never perfect, tell me, was it all worth it? [[07. Nothing to Me]]
Now I've got one lesson left to learn /Don't start fires when there's nothing left to burn Now I'm so far gone to replace my pain /What I'm made to do, I know you're to blame [[05. Time To Move On]]

**Pre-Chorus: Cam Steady**
Now I'm watching from the upside / You're on the decline [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
So take (So take) my reigns (My reigns), only as strong as my pain /But that pain comes with me to my grave [[03. To My Grave]]
To the grave we only take our name [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
You dream to one day become that star /The journey's do or die /But you're not willing to go that far [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
I've heard myself and now I'll practice the words that I preach / It's so close but somehow out of reach [[10. Nothing Left to Want]]
A facade's what you need for the fame / So blame the game [[[06. Paid in Exposure]]

**Bridge: NateWantsToBattle**
It's been years 
Since I've seen a face 'round here 
I was broken and alone 
In that Hell I called my home [[05. Salvaged]]
I got a way back home and an open door To everything I left, face-down on the floor [[04. Take me Anywhere]]

```
````
Fnaf Songs:
[[02. Mangled]]
[[10. One Way Ticket]]
[[09. Madness]]
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[08. Nightmare]]
[[11. Obsolete]]
[[05. Enjoy the Show (Ft. Jacksepticeye)]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[02. Stay the Course (Ft. CG5)]]
[[12. Count the Teeth]]
[[07. The Finale]]

Sandcastle Kingdoms:
[[01. Branded]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[04. To the Ends of the Earth]]
[[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[09. We Are Ignited]]
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
Paid in Exposure:
[[03. Phantom]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[07. Sleight of Hand]]
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
[[09. Call it Off]]
Scrap Heap: 
[[09. Always Come Back]]
[[08. Scrap Heap (Ft. Ghost Fight)]]
[[07. Nothing to Me]]
[[03. To My Grave]]
[[05. Time To Move On]]
[[10. Nothing Left to Want]]

Other:
[[06. Hold On to You]]
[[10. Haunted and Unwanted]]
[[09. Shell]]
[[Media References]]

