---
Release Date: 2017-08-25
Album:
  - Singles
Song Types:
  - Bendy
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
The walls start to leak out
With something black and cold
The nightmares awaken
Believing every story I'm told
Bleed and repeat
Now I can see the look in your eyes
But we need our savior
To free us all from the lies

**Chorus**
These words, I spread for all to know
All the taunts and the tricks
Yeah, they're making me sick
Now the ink begins to flow
Like cardboard cutouts stare at me
Now there's ghosts in the hall
And there's blood on the walls
But it's all for this machine
I feel like I've found my place
With power to open the gate
Please, won't you let me in?
Relinquish me from all my sins

**Verse 2**
Don't you throw it all away
We all know redemption's near
I would hate to see you
Torching down the empire that we made
I can't let them take from me
What I know is destiny
Savior, please set us free
We both know we're only sheep

**Bridge**
I said come one, come all, enjoy the show
Three to get ready and four to go
Savior, hear these words we've said
For come the morning, we'll be dead
I said we'll be dead
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
These halls are lined with blood I can't have on my hands [[06. Blood and Ink]]
.
We could all go down in flames Or put it out, relinquish these words from my mouth [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Bridge**
I said come one, come all, enjoy the show
Three to get ready, nowhere to go [[06. Blood and Ink]]
Are you feeling gloom? Losing track of time?
In the end, you're in for one hell of a night [[06. Blood and Ink]]  
```
````
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[06. Blood and Ink]]