---
Release Date: 2020-05-14
Album:
  - Singles
Song Types:
  - Animal Crossing
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Spend the day tending flowers and hope new colors will grow
Waste away burning hours
But we got nowhere to go
Quarantine, isolated island that's just me and you
And whoever we choose, but not you

**Verse 2**
Chasing miles, chopping trees
We laugh as they hit the ground
Digging up what we need
Look at the fossils I found
Staring up at the sky
Wishing on stars as they shoot
They can't shine brighter than you
You know it's true

**Chorus**
Now come with me to a place where everything's fine
On an island where we can travel through time
That or we can take it slow and go day by day
So tell me
What do you say?
What do you say?

**Post-Chorus**
Now we'll pave our road that we can walk every day
This world's all ours, so we'll design it our way
Make believe that everything outside is okay
I know that we'll be okay
One of these days
One of these days

**Verse 3**
Check the clock, closing shop
Oh, when did it get so late?
Grab a drink by the beach
Ignore the pandemic state
Don't you cry, you can fly
And here you're never alone
While you're stuck in your home
Now stay with me

**Verse 4**
Saturday's coming soon
And there's a show here in town
And I thought me and you
Could go if you'll be around
Now I'll open up my gates
And watch you land in the sea
Now it's just you and me
Like it should be
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 2**

Staring at the sky / You dream to one day become that star [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
.
.
I could never write / A line that shines as bright as your eyes [[07. Sleight of Hand]]

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Post-Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
**Verse 3**
.
.
.
.
Room to spread out your wings, so you can fly [[02. Far Away (Ft. AmaLee)]]
```
````
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[07. Sleight of Hand]]
[[02. Far Away (Ft. AmaLee)]]