---
Release Date: 2017-03-01
Album:
  - Sandcastle Kingdoms
  - VIP Mixtape
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types: Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa
(Any day I think I'm gonna break now)
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa

**Verse 1**
I'm hearing voices in my head
And everything they said
It's never making any sense
I got a burning in my heart
It's tearing me apart
Somebody call the doctor

**Pre-Chorus**
Hey, I think I'm losing my mind now
Having trouble finding a way out
Shined so bright, this star's gonna burn out
I take and don't know how to give

**Chorus**
(Oh!) You know I never mean well
I can't help but help myself
Been placed right under the spell
The mirror shows somebody else
Fat stacks and hybrid cars
They don't take you very far
Branded with dollar-sign shaped scars
We're in a special kind of hell

**Post-Chorus**
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa
(Any day I think I'm gonna break now)
Whoa-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh-whoa

**Verse 2**
It's like a monster in the night
It's giving me a fright
I'm battling a gluten-free fight
Is it a city or a sin?
Oh, when did I begin?
Somebody call the doctor

**Bridge**
Learning how to sink before I take the dive and swim
A map that only shows me where I am, not where I've been
The California sun incinerated who I am
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 1**
We're voices in your head [[06. This is the End]]
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
As you can tell from these scars I'm not the man that you knew before [[03. Monster Inside]]
In that hell I called my home [[05. Salvaged]]
```
````

[[06. This is the End]]
[[03. Monster Inside]]
[[05. Salvaged]]

### Other notes
This song was written with some of the paid in exposure songs, and he was testing the waters with it 