---
Release Date: 2017-03-01
Album:
  - Sandcastle Kingdoms
  - VIP Mixtape
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types:
  - Original
  - My Hero Academia
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
I'm down but you know I'm not out
I got another round (Another round)
Second wind, and it's picking me up right off the ground
I'm coming back again
Can't break me, I'm not givin' up
I gotta prove them wrong (Prove them wrong)
Take your time, 'cause I'm not taking mine
I gotta stand up strong

**Chorus**
Voice in my head said to keep on going
Don't let 'em see you bleed, don't want your weakness showing
Need you to see me
If you could just believe me
Tell me it'll all be fine
That's a lie, if I don't reach out then how could it be mine?
Need you to see me
And know what it's like to be me
If you could just believe me

**Verse 2**
Lost sight and my knuckles are white
Not gonna break and bend
My whole world was crumbling down
But I'll still mend
My bones, my skin, breaking down, wearing thin
Won't break my will, no I'm not giving in
What doesn't kill you's bound to come back for another
You gotta fall, you wanna walk out stronger

**Interlude**
(Just believe me, just believe me, just believe me...)

**Bridge**
I've found the strength and now I know where I can confide
I've found a way to tame my own monster inside
I've made my way and now I see it, I can reach it now
Hold on to me, be sure you've got it memorized
Yeah we'll survive the night
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
*You can “go down” in dnd without your character dying fights in dnd are done in rounds*
*Second wind is a dnd fighter action*
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
I don't understand what you see in me [[02. StopRewind]]
.
.
.
.
(Am I worth believing?) / I'm not so sure [[02. StopRewind]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
*What doesn't kill you makes you stronger*

**Interlude**
.
.

**Bridge**
[[03. Monster Inside]]
[[06. Hold On to You]]
*FNaF*
```
````

[[Media References]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[03. Monster Inside]]
[[06. Hold On to You]]

### Other Notes
this is a my hero song according to a youtube short posted on Dec 6th 2022 [https://youtube.com/shorts/DpeM80-ypxs?si=B9hqZJBC0NYfXQNu](https://youtube.com/shorts/DpeM80-ypxs?si=B9hqZJBC0NYfXQNu)