---
Release Date: 2017-03-01
Album:
  - Sandcastle Kingdoms
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
What can I make and what can I sell? (Sell)
A timeshare in Heaven that's just out of Hell (Hell)
Am I a fraud or a genuine scam? (Scam)
Am I a monster, or worse, just a man?

**Pre-Chorus 1**
In the end we're all the same
To the grave we only take our name
There's an ocean made of dreams
But the current strands you out at sea

**Chorus**
I wake up to find the passing of time
Made my mirror show someone I don't know
Now with my own hands, built castles from sand
But all kingdoms drown as tides bring them down

**Verse 2**
My army has fallen, ambitions have burned
The subjects stay loyal but don't wait their turn (Turn)
Now blindly they follow their king to the fray
But he has no action and they have no say

**Pre-Chorus 2**
In the end we're bound to change
We're made for more than all of these numbers and names
We could all go down in flames
Or put it out, relinquish these words from my mouth

**Chorus**
...
The sirens they sing laments just for me
I fall to my knees and beg for release
When my kingdom comes, my will be undone
My world then decides where to hang my hide

**Post-Chorus**
In the end we're bound to change (Bound to change)
We could all go down in flames (Flames, flames, flames, flames)

**Outro**
Maybe one day you'll find humanity
Until then don't you dare say that we are the same
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus 1**
Wear a mask to hide yourself / When really it makes us the same [[02. Mangled]]
We'll make you die without a name [[09. Shell]]
.

**Chorus**
But you missed so much while you were gone [[05. Time to Go]]
The mirror shows somebody else [[01. Branded]]
.
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.


**Pre-Chorus 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
...
.
.
*Thy Kingdom come.Thy Will be done, - Christian Prayer “Our Father”*
.
.
.
**Post-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**Outro**
Maybe one day you'll find humanity
Until then don't you dare say that we are the same [[07. No More]]
```
````
[[02. Mangled]]
[[09. Shell]]
[[05. Time to Go]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[Media References]]
[[07. No More]]