---
Release Date: 2020-09-07
Album:
  - What You Want
Song Types:
  - Hello Neighbor
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
You'll never find what I'm hiding
You'll never see what's in there
Now you can look all you want
But I could never tell you what isn't mine to share
You oughta mind your own business
Now why would you even care?
Now everyone in this neighborhood
Yeah, they understood that it's not their cross to bear

**Pre-Chorus**
Now I'm wondering if I
Could find a better hiding place (Hiding place)
And I'm wondering if I
Could fit you in a tiny space

**Chorus**
So hello, neighbor! It's nice to meet ya
I didn't wanna be the one to greet ya
Now you'd best stay out my way 'cause I
I'm busy and you're not worth my time
Everyone, they, they have their secrets
And I say they got a right to keep it
We've got monsters in our closet
And it's no one's job to stop it but our own
But our own

**Verse 2**
No, you don't know why I'm crying
You don't know what I've been through
I'm seeing everything through child's eyes
And it's no surprise that I don't know what to do
Now all these towering images, paranoia silhouettes
My sinking ship's already set sail (Ship's already set sail)
And now the Devil's in the detail
And he's got my name

**Bridge**
I'll hide myself away
I see me in a cage with locks and bars
It's made of all of my mistakes
And my rooms are made of fear
And everything that I hold dear
I was bound to break
There's nothing else that life can take

**Chorus**
So hello, neighbor! I hate to do this
You left no choice but to put you through this
Now I warned you to stay out my way
I'll make you regret moving day
Everyone, they, they have their secrets
And soon enough, they're coming out to see them
We've got demons in our basement
But some of them might be worth the saving
So say goodbye, say goodbye, say goodbye
So goodbye, neighbor!
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Verse 1]**
.
.
.
My name, it isn't mine, I'm an object in your mind [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
.
Say you're doing fine / But no one asked and nobody cares [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
.
.

**[Pre-Chorus]**
.
We all know how the night will end, now you're hiding yourself [[07. The Finale]]
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
We're voices in your head / We're the monsters under your bed [[06. This is the End]]
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
The Dancing Devil's up and soon enough / He'll be dancing on your grave [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]

**Bridge**
.
.
.
.
.
I'm bound to break if you keep me bending [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
```
````
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[07. The Finale]]
[[06. This is the End]]
