---
Release Date: 2020-09-14
Album:
  - What You Want
Song Types:
  - Hello Puppets
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
(An ending don't mean it's over)

**Verse 1**
You call me the puppet
But you're the one who can't let go
You're dying for secrets
So who's the one that's in control?
We're all only cattle
Roam about without a home
So take me or leave me
To the stage you're bound to roam

**Pre-Chorus**
So here's the show
You won't wanna miss this
It's you and me
Connected by stitches
And won't it be
Unfair to throw it all away?
(Unfair to throw it all away)

**Chorus**
I'd run anywhere else but here
Yeah, I'd light the match to burn all my fears
And now, you and I, we don't differ
You gotta learn, an ending don't mean it's over
(An ending don't mean it's over)

**Verse 2**
And now we need something
Some kind of compromise
You're giving us nothing
We want an end where no one dies
I'll lay on the wire
And I'll be sure you'll see the end
Situation is dire
So I'll see you around, my friend
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
.

**Verse 1**
These god forsaken memories, The puppet takes the stage, he'll carry on [[04. Take me Anywhere]]
.
A shepherd herding your mindless cattle [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
We roam and we invite, You won't survive the night [[06. This is the End]]

**Pre-Chorus**
I can't stay away, I know I said I wouldn't miss this [[05. Dream Alone]]
.
Can you rip the stitches one by one? [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
Wear a mask to hide yourself, When really it makes us the same [[02. Mangled]]
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
But this will all end soon [[06. This is the End]]
```
````
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[05. Dream Alone]]
[[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
[[02. Mangled]]
