---
Release Date: 2020-10-26
Album:
  - What You Want
Song Types:
  - Doki Doki
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Was reading all your poetry the other day
Thought I could know you better now, another way
But now you got me thinking over what I read
Burning through my retinas, now you're in my head

**Pre-Chorus**
Maybe you could bother someone else
Maybe you could find the strength
To smile and wish me well

**Chorus**
Maybe you should be alone
Find somebody else to call your home
Try to manipulate my heart and brain
But all you ever did was bring me pain
You really think it can't be you?
All your delusions you believe are true
Stretching forever into everything
But you don't wanna know this side of me
(Maybe you should be a-)

**Verse 2**
You say you find your strength when you pick up your pen
But you can't even tell the knife is in your hand
Stab me in the back and then you make demands
You say it's only you, I got another plan

**Pre-Chorus**
Maybe you could torture someone else
Maybe I don't have the strength
To follow you to Hell

**Bridge**
I'm sick of thinking that I'll believe your lies
Tired of pretending I don't see through your disguise
So self-aware now, yet you don't have a clue
That I'm on the outside and I'm looking in at you
Maybe you should be a-

**Outro**
So sick of thinking that I'll believe your lies
So sick of thinking that I'll believe your lies
So sick of thinking that I'll believe your lies
So sick of thinking that I'll believe your lies
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
.
.
.
This can't be real, it's in my head [[06. This is the End]]

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
So what's it say if you hate it? / It's not you at all [[11. Symbol of My Regret]]
I think I believe, now I can feel it speaking to me / My reasoning is logical like it’s all in my dreams [[10. Bones]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.

**Bridge**
.
Just take one look in my eyes / You'd see right through my disguise [[03. Monster Inside]]
```
````
[[06. This is the End]]
[[11. Symbol of My Regret]]
[[10. Bones]]
[[03. Monster Inside]]