---
Release Date: 2020-09-28
Album:
  - What You Want
Song Types:
  - Bendy
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
I said come one, come all, enjoy the show
.
Now you got the heart but do you got the soul?
You gonna let me down? Will you fit right in?
Or will you drown in the pitch black ink of your sin?

**Pre-Chorus**
They got ways to keep you quiet
.
They got ways to keep you tame
.
.
The Dancing Devil's up and soon enough
He'll be dancing on your grave
.

**Chorus**
Now, what the hell did you expect from me?
I'm bound to break if you keep me bending
I'm tired of playing pawn in sick, little games
You dream the impossible
A shepherd herding your mindless cattle
Don't you act so surprised
Once you've seen what they've done to us this time

**Verse 2**
Now I said come one, come all, I'll tell the tale
Of a stoic lone wolf bound to fail
But maybe angel, demon or in-between
He's gonna rise and fall and join the machine

**Pre-Chorus**
They had ways to keep me quiet
Convinced me that I'm insane
The Dancing Devil betrayed me
A friend that erased his name

**Bridge**
You never had the heart or soul to let it go
The jealousy, it takes control of everything you do
And even if you sign the line, pretend it's fine
My name, it isn't mine, I'm an object in your mind
I'm just your property, right?

**Outro**
Maybe I'm not bright
But I'm not what I seem
And maybe it's not right for me (For me)
Designed for second best
I feel I'm at my worst
Your expectations are my curse
Maybe I'm not alright
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
I said come one, come all, enjoy the show [[06. Blood and Ink]] 
Mended hearts, but they're breaking down souls [[01. Until the Wolves Come Out]]
I never meant to fit this mold, I'm simply doing what I'm told [[06. Paid in Exposure]]
Relinquish me from all my sins [[02. Let Me In]]

**Pre-Chorus**
You oughta just stay quiet, you can't do that can you?[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
I've found a way to tame my own monster inside [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
Now there's nothing left, no one to save, Just a Dancing Demon on our grave [[06. Blood and Ink]]

**Chorus**
.
Not gonna break and bend [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
.
Now blindly they follow their king to the fray /But he has no action and they have no say [[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]] 
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
Already done, I'm on the run / Rise up for the fall [[07. Sleight of Hand]]

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**Bridge**
.
.
.
Sign it twice just for better measure / A good investment, but bad intentions [[07. Radio Demon]]
*Not a song, but the skit in Phantom is about signing your name away with bad consequences*
```
````
[[06. Blood and Ink]]
[[01. Until the Wolves Come Out]]
[[06. Paid in Exposure]]
[[02. Let Me In]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[10. Sandcastle Kingdoms]]
[[07. Sleight of Hand]]
[[07. Radio Demon]]
[[03. Phantom]]