---
Release Date: 2020-10-12
Album:
  - What You Want
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1: JT Music**
Now I've been remade
I've been hiding in your shadow
No amount of light can save you now
Displayed
Torn apart, broken down
Put together and you won't be found
Burning reminder of all your misdeeds
Soon enough, you're mangled, looking just like me
Come to the conclusion, I'm more than an illusion
And you know I've seen everything
Now here's a gift that I can relish
A victim that dies and cannot perish
Every word that I hear you scream
Every second you plead, I will be sure to cherish
It isn't what it's like before
'Cause it ain't a nightmare no more
Come and learn with me
'Cause you know you're gonna burn with me
Wait until you see what I got in store


**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
I'll always come right back
Just to watch you fall
And every time we find you
You hide behind these walls
We're gonna break them down

**Verse 2: JT Music**
And now you're coming back to me
Crawling back to me, begging me for another game
Too dumb to leave, too blind to see
Everything now, it just ain't the same
Now from the start, look in your heart
It's an addiction, you know it
You're not to blame, I know we're the same
Convictions I got, I don't show it
I wish we could go back to a time
That was simple and we knew we had this
Everyday now, I feel that the nightmare's real
Never no end to the madness
It isn't what it's like before
'Cause it ain't a nightmare no more
Come and learn with me
'Cause you know you're gonna burn with me
Wait until you see what I got in store

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
*I'll always come right back
Just to watch you fall
And every time we find you
You hide behind these walls*
Now is this what you want and what you need
It's all that you expect from me
Addiction to the mystery
But then, what will you have?
We're gonna take these walls
Then we, we're gonna break them down

**Outro: NateWantsToBattle**
We're gonna break them down
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Verse 1: JT Music]**
*“I am remade, but not by you, by the one you should not have killed”. /
“I have always been hiding in your shadow”. /
“No light can save you now”. - nightmare freddy UCN*
*“Let me put you back together, then take you apart all over again.” - Nightmare Fredbear*
*“Let’s see how many times you can be pulled apart, and put back together again.” - Springtrap*
*”This time, there is more than an illusion to fear.” - nightmare fredbear*
*“I am a burning reminder of your misdeeds” - Jack O Chica UCN*
*“Don’t be afraid. Soon, you will look just like me. - mangle UCN*
*“I was the first, I’ve seen everything” -Wither Chica UCN*
*“What a gift to relish,a victim that can’t perish”. - Nightmare Freddy UCN*
*“Come and burn with me!” - Jack O chica UCN*

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
*”I'll always come back” - Afton UCN*
.
.
*“Why do you hide behind these walls?” - Ballora* 

**Verse 2: JT Music**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Can we stop and rewind? I'm not so sure [[02. StopRewind]]
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus: NateWantsToBattle**
.
.
.
.
.
.
I feel I'm at my worst, Your expectations are my curse [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]

```
````
[[Media References]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]