---
Release Date: 2020-10-26
Album:
  - What You Want
Song Types:
  - Bendy
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Look and listen, can you hear?
Results of all my pride and fear
Every room is marked with my
My stories of the pain I hide

**Pre-Chorus**
And now, my

**Chorus**
My Dancing Devil's now a monstrous mutation
Drenched in the ink of all my humiliation
Illustrations of nightmares drawn
A crooked empire now long gone
His face won't let me forget
The symbol of my regret

**Verse 2**
Only monsters can remain
My mind evolves, my world's the same
All my demons come to life
Art in motion, product of strife

**Pre-Chorus**
The product of my

**Bridge**
Ah, right, ahem
You think I'm not worth saving
You try and try to blame me
It's not all my fault
You are what you created
So what's it say if you hate it?
It's not you at all

**Outro**
You think I'm not worth saving
You try and try to blame me
It's not all my fault (It's not all my fault)
You are what you created
So what's it say if you hate it?
It's not you at all (It's not you, no)
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
Now I'm watching from the outside, Hear all the outcries, But no one will lend a hand [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
Believing every story I'm told, Bleed and repeat [[02. Let Me In]]

**[Pre-Chorus]**

**[Chorus]**
The Dancing Devil's up and soon enough, He'll be dancing on your grave [[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
.
Torching down the empire that we made, I can't let them take from me [[02. Let Me In]]
.

**Verse 2**
This world is what you need
Where the monsters roam and the demons all feed [[03. Phantom]]
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.

**Bridge**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Outro**
.
It's what we're made to do
You act like we're to blame
Wear a mask to hide yourself [[02. Mangled]]
```
````
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[02. Let Me In]]
[[07. My Name Isn't Mine]]
[[03. Phantom]]
[[02. Mangled]]