---
Release Date: 2015-07-31
Album:
  - Five Nights at Freddy's
  - Enjoy the Show
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
  - VIP Mixtape
Song Types: FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Was it you or was it me?
Is this a nightmare or just a dream?
I've lost my mind, I've lost myself
Am I at home or am I in Hell?

I'm in my room, they're by my side
My little monsters, they try to hide
I've tried to run, they're close behind
I cry for help but no one's in sight

**Chorus**
But now I'm home
Right where I belong
And I cannot stay strong
And in my mind
It's what I deserved all along
Just let me go
I'm trapped within my home
They left me all alone
It's all I know
And as my fear grows
It's where I call my home

**Verse 2**
They're in my room
They're in the halls and underneath my bed
They say I'm sick
Well, maybe I'm just better off dead

Their wicked words, they cut my nerves
And make me feel like I'm nothing
They say "get closer", but I'm scared
They put me down, no, this isn't fair
They mock my name, put me to shame
So like balloons, I'll float away

**Bridge**
(Just let me go)
(It's where I call my home)
(Just let me go)
Can you even hear me cry?
I know you're broken deep inside
I swear, I'll put you back together
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
Just sleep, just dream / It's only a nightmare and soon, we'll be set free [[08. Nightmare]]
.
.

It's not a game, not to blame, we're forced to hide [[08. Nightmare]]
And no one heard our cries /Now I've run out of tears [[08. Nightmare]]

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
In that hell I called my home / you always choose to stay [[05. Salvaged]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.

They say that we're nobodies Only shadows we're meant to fade [[06. Hold On to You]]
I said, "Get back", but she wants more [[03. Monster Inside]]
```
````

[[08. Nightmare]]
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[06. Hold On to You]]
[[03. Monster Inside]]