---
Release Date: 2015-10-31
Album:
  - Five Nights at Freddy's
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types: FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
We're breaking down your lights and doors
But we can't promise you no more
Are you happy to come back for five whole nights?
You say you're sick of all your fears
But you keep coming back around here
Perhaps it's time for you to be one of us now
.
.
.

**Chorus**
Five nights! Five Nights at Freddy's
Now it's the finale and you weren't ready
Don't cry! We're not so scary
Don't make a scene and we'll end this quickly
Maybe you've just lost your mind
Kicking and screaming, now you've lost your time!
But we all know you're said and done

**Verse 2**
Now we're bringing it back and the gang is on track
And we're bringing a couple of friends
There are many of us and we're causing a fuss
We all know how the night will end, now you're hiding yourself
But you know very well that it's making us one and the same
We're leaving you mangled on strings you will dangle
With only yourself to blame, we're back and revamped
And there's not a thing you can do to stop us
Tonight!

**Verse 3**
It's been years, I've been alone in here
I've forgotten what it's like for me to smell your fear
Am I driving you insane? Am I eating at your brain?
No happy endings will ever find you
Your heavy breathing and pain will end soon
You're picking up the pieces
To the ghosts that'll haunt you too

**Verse 4**
We're voices in your head
We're the monsters under your bed
There's no tomorrow for you
No matter what they said
You know who you are
And we know everything
You've come so far
Now you pull the strings
That's right!
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
You can break down my lights and my doors [[07. No More]]
'Cause I can't take the pain no more [[08. Nightmare]]
Five nights, it shouldn't seem so long / But it takes forever when you go all about it wrong [[07. No More]]
But you keep coming back But if this is what you want / Then you can be just like us [[02. Mangled]]

**Chorus**
.
.
I hear them breathe, we hear you scream [[06. This is the End]]
You can scream, you can shout / but this will all end soon [[06. This is the End]]
.
.

**Verse 2**
This time, we brought some friends [[02. Mangled]]
.
.
.
Wear a mask to hide / When really it makes us the same [[02. Mangled]]
.
.
.
.
We're back, revamped [[02. Mangled]]
.
.
.


**Verse 3**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.


**Verse 4**
We're the voices in your head / We're the monsters under your bed [[06. This is the End]]

*"Tomorrow is another day"* -FNaF 4
You say that this is over [[06. This is the End]]

```
````
[[07. No More]]
[[08. Nightmare]]
[[02. Mangled]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[Media References]]