---
Release Date: 2014-11-28
Album:
  - Mangled
  - Five Nights at Freddy's
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
  - VIP Mixtape
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types: FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
We're back, revamped
The madness never ends
We're not alone
This time, we brought some friends
No doors, no hope
But you keep coming back
But if this is what you want
Then you can be just like us

**Chorus**
It's what we're made to do
You act like we're to blame
Wear a mask to hide yourself
When really it makes us the same
A couple hours, but it's feeling like days
Now you're running out of power
Leave you mangled and winding away

**Verse 2**
Step one; check lights
And empty out the halls
Did you hear that?
There's banging in the walls
Enjoy your new job
'Cause it might be your last
If you find it's 6 AM
We'll see you tomorrow
```
````

### Other Notes
When Nate recorded the Mangled music video with MatPat, he did not tell MatPat what they were doing ahead of time. (Mentioned in GHR shorts)

**Original Intro (2014 single, 2015 album, Critical hits album)**
“Hello, hello? Hey! Hey, wow! You made it! Good job, good job, hey uh, do me a favor. Maybe sometime you could– check inside those suits in the back room? I’m gonna try to hold out until someone checks, maybe– maybe it won’t be so bad. I– um, I always wondered what was in those empty heads back there. Maybe– You know what, nevermind. I’m… sure you’ll be fine.”

**Music Video / Five Nights at Freddy’s Album Intro**
"Hello, hello? Okay, listen, I have no idea where you are or how you got there. What I do know is that that the guy you were seen with last night, he’s bad news. But-- some good news, if you’re hearing this, chances are you’re still alive. Look, just stay calm and if you can, avoid him at all costs. Do your best to hold out until morning. Please just, stay alive."