---
Release Date: 2015-06-02
Album:
  - Mangled
  - Five Nights at Freddy's
  - Enjoy the Show
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types: FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
Just sleep, just dream
Just sleep, just dream
Just sleep, just dream

**Verse 1**
In the back of my mind
I've been trying to chase a monster this whole time
But I couldn't see the monster was me
And no one heard our cries
Now I've run out of tears
The time has come for me to disappear
Get me out of this mess and away from this stress
Set me free so I can rest

**Chorus**
We're only kids who lost our way
But if we wait long enough, we will be saved
Just sleep, just dream
This isn't fair, no, we're not just what we seem
We want to fly but our souls are trapped inside
It's not a game, not to blame, we're forced to hide
Just sleep, just dream
It's only a nightmare and soon, we'll be set free
(And soon, we'll be set free)

**Verse 2**
And I've been crying out for help
I know I bite but I mean well
Can you see my disguise? I'm different inside
Can you break this spell?
And all the ghosts from before
They're knocking and they're breaking down your door
So please, set us free, now you have the key
'Cause I can't take the pain no more
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
.
.
.

**Verse 1**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
You act like we're to blame [[02. Mangled]]
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
Wear a mask to hide yourself / When really it makes us the same [[02. Mangled]]
You think you stand a chance to last / Against the ghosts of your past? [[05. Salvaged]]
You can break down my lights and my doors [[07. No More]]
```
````

[[02. Mangled]]
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[07. No More]]