---
Release Date: 2017-12-21
Album:
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Every night, I wake up
And I know just what's in store
To salvage every missing piece
And I hope I still find more

**Pre-Chorus**
I pray to find a difference
They're turning all the same
Now, is there nothing left?
Nothing to my name?

**Chorus**
I know I swore that this was the last time
The madness never ends, up in my mind
I made a list, it makes me sick
And I can't leave 'til it's done
I patiently await the day
To pack my bags and run
On and on, I could never escape my fate
Now I'm never getting out
I know that this won't be my last time
I'm losing sight

**Post-Chorus**
Ooh, I'm losing sight

**Verse 2**
And now, you've played into their hands
It's time to make them proud
They're gathered here, now it's by demand
And they won't hear you screaming out loud

**[Bridge]**
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here?
Why can't I move on? What do I still fear?
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here?
Why am I still here?
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here?
Why can't I move on? What do I still fear?
Why can't I get out? Why am I still here?
Why am I still here?
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
Because you're stuck picking up all the pieces, That they salvaged [[05. Salvaged]]

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**

We're voices in your head /We're the monsters under your bed  [[06. This is the End]]
.
.
.
.

I know that this can't be the end
It's bad enough, I'm fading out  [[06. This is the End]]
```
````
[[05. Salvaged]]
[[06. This is the End]]
