---
Release Date: 2019-04-08
Album:
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
I found my place in a darkened room that we
We could not save
Despite what you say, I can suffer too
I'm human, just like you
Now, I can’t run but I can pull myself apart
It's said and done
But yet, we end up back at the start again
Remember when I said this is the end?

**Chorus**
And now, I'm so far gone
Can you change my name? Can you replace my pain?
I know I’m not all wrong
So throw away my parts and burn my blackened heart, yeah
Now I'm broken, I'm scraps, yet I'm the monster
You bring me back to life (To life) so you can watch me die
You can't tame me, just blame me, make me obsolete
There's nothing left to say, just let me fade away
Just let me fade away

**Verse 2**
Let's see how many pieces you can cut me into
Let's count all the excuses
That you have piled up inside your room
Will this be over soon?
It’s the sweet, sweet sound of eternal silence
Won’t you keep it down?
Because all of this is not for you
No one will, no one will play by your rules

**Outro**
(So far gone)
Can you change my name?
C-c-can you replace my pa-ain?
I'm not all wro-o-ong
So throw away my parts
And burn my bl-blackened heart
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
All I see is an empty room … And this will be your tomb [[10. One Way Ticket]]
But maybe one day you'll find humanity, Until then don't you dare say that we are the same [[07. No More]]
Now I've grown so sick of running, To find I'm only at the start [[06. Hold On to You]]
I know that this can't be the end [[06. This is the End]]
**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

It's what we're made to do / You act like we're to blame [[02. Mangled]]
.
If I fade away, gone and forgotten [[06. Hold On to You]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Why, why can't you see, that this was all for me? [[05. How Wonderful]]
```
````
[[10. One Way Ticket]]
[[07. No More]]
[[06. Hold On to You]]
[[06. This is the End]]
[[02. Mangled]]
[[05. How Wonderful]]