---
Release Date: 2019-05-09
Album:
  - Five Nights at Freddy's (Ultimate Collection
  - VIP Mixtape
Song Types:
  - FNaF
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Now we all know how this will end
A minute late, got you coming back again
There's secrets in these halls
And mysteries that can't be solved
Final bow or final stand?
Another encore is always in demand
This never-ending game
You took the bait, now you got played

**Pre-Chorus**
Now we all can't find a way
To play this game, is it all the same?

**Chorus**
All these nights, you looked but you never seemed to find
A way to be put back together
I know my friends and I know that you're not one of them
Count the teeth, bite the hand that feeds
All these nights you looked but you never found a way
A clear way out of this place
Took your fall, hide behind these walls
You let me in, now you're never ever gonna leave again

**Post-Chorus**
You're never ever gonna leave again
You're never ever gonna leave again

**Verse 2**
Now we all know how this will end
A nightmare, daydream, something in your head
There's secrets in my mind
A box without a key to find
Now this stage ain't made for two
This spotlight's mine so it's curtain time for you
Well, I hear you breathe then I hear you scream
The end is so damn soon

**Bridge**
Now we all can't find a way
To play this game, is it all the same?
Now we all can't find a way
To play this game, is it all the same?
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
We all know how the night will end, now you're hiding yourself [[07. The Finale]]
*"Showtimes are on the hour, not a minute before, and not a minute later!"*
Now there's ghosts in the hall [[02. Let Me In]]
*"A performance was demanded of me, and now I have delivered. **Encore!**"* 
Now it's not another normal game 
Every ending doesn't have to be the same [[04. Just a Dreamer]]

**Pre-Chorus**

**Chorus**
Now, I can’t run but I can pull myself apart [[11. Obsolete]]
*"WE KNOW WHO OUR FRIENDS ARE, AND YOU ARE NOT ONE OF THEM." - Fredbear custom noight*
*"Come closer. Help me count my teeth." - Nightmare Balloon Boy*

*Why do you hide inside these walls? - custom night*
*I'll never let you leave. I'll never let you rest - custom night* 

**Post-Chorus**
.
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.

*"I'm sorry, but there was never enough room on this stage for both of us!"*
.
.
.



**Bridge**
I pray to find a difference
They're turning all the same [[09. Madness]]
```
````
[[07. The Finale]]
[[02. Let Me In]]
[[04. Just a Dreamer]]
[[11. Obsolete]]
[[09. Madness]]
[[Media References]]