---
Release Date: 2018-06-01
Album:
  - Paid in Exposure
  - VIP Mixtape
  - The Critical Hits
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
Hoo!

**Verse 1**
I'm just a phantom in your room
With no intent on leaving soon
And you're still not even sure just how I got here
Another ghost that's in your bed
That you wish you could leave for dead
Ain't no magic word can make me disappear
Now that room, it starts to dim
Set the mood for onset sin
And now we're passed out on the floor of your apartment
With every single warning sign
It passed you up and slipped you by
But we're all bound to end up back to where we started, yeah

**Pre-Chorus**
Make no mistake
I'll break you down (Whoa-oh-oh, whoa-oh-oh)
Shout it around town

**Chorus**
I'm not what you want
But I'm exactly what you need
Take a bite and feed
Your satisfaction guaranteed
I'm your sunshine, whoa
I'm gonna burn down your parade
I'm a shooting star
That wish you wish you never made

**Verse 2**
Don't wanna take a leap of faith
You wanna do this face to face
And like an animal the instinct's taken over
There ain't nothing to debate
Blow this purgatory state
The city lights will drown you out in the exposure
Now that room, it starts to dim
Set the mood for onset sin
And now we're passed out on the floor of your apartment (Floor of your apartment)
With every single warning sign (Every warning sign)
It passed you up and slipped you by
But we're all bound to end up back to where we started, yeah

**Video Skit: NateWantsToBattle, Zach Callison**
*"So, you're saying if I sign this, I can put on the perfect show?"*
Kid, if you sign, give 'em a show they won't ever forget
Sign here, initial here, last four of your social here, yep, last four soc- right there, right there
Mother's maiden name, sign here, any allergies if you have 'em
Inital, inital, name of your first pet, inital here
And done, now get out there, go get 'em kid"

**Bridge: NateWantsToBattle**
This world is what you need
Where the monsters roam and the demons all feed (Hey!)
Relax don't you look so wary
It's all only temporary
We roam and sing along
While the choir joins in, sing an abhorrent song, yeah
We bite, it's a little bit scary
The pain's only temporary, ha-ha-ha-ha
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
.

**Verse 1**
Act like you've never seen a phantom [[06. Twisted]]
.
.
And all I see is you next to me / 
A ghost of you tangled up in my sheets [[08. All I See]]
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.

Staring at the sky, You dream to one day become that star [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
.

**Verse 2: NateWantsToBattle**
.
.
.
.
.
A map that only shows me where I am, not where I've been, The California sun incinerated who I am [[01. Branded]]
```
````
[[06. Twisted]]
[[08. All I See]]
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[01. Branded]]