---
Release Date: 2018-06-01
Album:
  - Paid in Exposure
  - The Critical Hits
  - VIP Mixtape
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
It's underneath my skin
These god forsaken memories
The puppet takes the stage, he'll carry on
Forgotten who I am
But all the world keeps telling me
It may be where you live but it's not your home

**Pre-Chorus**
I got a one way ticket straight out of here
And I don't know where it goes
It's not the destination, it's the crawl
Was it out of love or out of fear?
If you ask me, I don't know
You forget how to want once you've had it all

**Chorus**
You can't take me anywhere
You can't take me anywhere
I got a way back home and an open door
To everything I left, face-down on the floor
You know you can't take me anywhere (Oh-oh-oh)

**Verse 2**
It's underneath my skin
Like ink that's still reminding me
A night where everything's not as it seems
A thousand widened smiles
But none contain no empathy
Paper thin, they're seeing right through me, oh-whoa-oh

**Bridge**
It's easy to see it
Too hard to believe it
But once in a while, you just gotta come clean
Now you try to hide it
But you can't deny it
It's falling apart, tearing up at the seams
I give it my best, secretly I'm a mess
But sooner or later it's bound to rise
There's so many warnings that I've been ignoring
Now it's shutting down

**Outro**
You can't take me anywhere (Take me anywhere)
You can't take me anywhere (Take me anywhere)
I got a way back home and an open door
To everything I left, face-down on the floor
You know you can't take me anywhere
Take me anywhere
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
But I refuse to be another puppet in your game [[07. No More]]
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
He found an open door inside, But the journey isn't right [[09. We Are Ignited]]
.
.

**Verse 2**
If it ends then where do I begin? How did this get underneath my skin? [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
A million strangers walking past and stare /
I swear I'm running fast but go nowhere [[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]
```
````
[[07. No More]]
[[09. We Are Ignited]]
[[06. Perfect by Design (Ft. AmaLee)]]