---
Release Date: 2018-06-01
Album:
  - Paid in Exposure
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
I know I said I'd keep my distance (Distance)
But you're becoming an addiction (Addiction)
You gave me a taste, can't stay away
So much shit going on in my brain
Now I can feel you moving (Moving)
I know that this will get confusing (Confusing)
I don't know the goal, but you're in control
Give me direction for playing my role

**Pre-Chorus**
I'll ride with you all night
A picture-perfect sight
Now maybe I can't make you mine
So I'll enjoy our time

**Chorus**
When will I say good night?
Let me know if I'll be sleeping alone
Don't deny it takes you high
Are you in, or am I taking you home?
Our reason forever
Was I drunk, or did you get inside my head?
When will I say good night?
You should know
Don't let me dream alone

**Verse 2**
I really know that I should relax (Relax)
But without you, I'm in a relapse (Relapse)
Yeah, when you're away
I shiver and shake
You're a bad idea and I need you to stay
I need to feel something (Something)
Now you just leave me wondering (Wondering)
But you can't deny when sparks start to fly
Are you down to throw out you and I?

**Bridge**
I can't stay away, you're killing me
I can't help but think you're feeling me
I can't stay away, you're killing me
I can't stay away
I know I said I wouldn't miss this
But I'm officially addicted
But you can't deny when sparks start to fly
I'm not ready to drop you and I

**Outro**
I can't stay away, you're killing me
I can't help but think you're feeling me
I can't stay away, you're killing me
I can't stay away
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
Am I driving you insane? Am I eating at your brain? [[07. The Finale]]
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
I tried to make you happy and I tried to make you mine [[01. Delete Me]]

**[Chorus]**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Verse 2**
Like I'm lying to myself and it's got me feeling kinda cray
Another sleepless night [[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]
```
````
[[07. The Finale]]
[[03. Delete Me]]
[[08. The Wrecked and the Worried]]