---
Release Date: 2018-06-01
Album:
  - Paid in Exposure
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Stand straight, keep it right on track
Gotta step on the outcast, your deck is stacked
Talk soft right behind their backs
Before you know it, you'll be one of them
Keep kind words up out your mouth
Throw their name in the mud
Now you're heading south
Don't let them see your face
A facade's what you need for the fame
So blame the game

**Pre-Chorus**
All of these petty things
Everything you want it seems
Trusting far as you can throw her
Give a bit, take a lot
Give it everything you got it
Worth every bit of exposure
All curtains drawn
A stage of smog is setting up the scene
Your final call won't blackout all the fake I see

**Chorus**
I never meant to fit this mold
I'm simply doing what I'm told
Painted up and watered down
To a shell that's hollowed out
Before I knew I became one of them
Whoa-oh, one of them

**Verse 2**
Pull every string attached
Verify all the tropes
Ain't no turning back
From your point of no return
Make a habit to cross every bridge
That you burned

**Pre-Chorus**
All of these petty things
Lambo's and your shiny rings
Go as far as you can throw it
Give a bit, take a lot
Fill your cup it's not enough
Heart's on E, and we both know it
All curtains drawn
A stage of smog is setting up the scene
(We're setting up the scene)
Your final call won't blackout all the fake I see*

**Bridge**
You swear your name holds so much weight and all demand
So what's it like to live life as your own biggest fan?
(Must be nice!)
But on and on, it comes around
(Yeah!)
Congrats on your new love you found
(Hahaha!)
In love with every single sound
And word that's coming out your mouth
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**[Verse 1]**
Now I'm watching from the outside
Hear all the outcries
But no one will lend a hand
They're setting up and you're the punchline [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
.
.
.
You know I never mean well /I can't help but help myself [[01. Branded]]
.
.
.
.

**Chorus**
.
.
.
Been placed right under the spell
The mirror shows somebody else [[01. Branded]]

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Pre-Chorus**
Fat stacks and hybrid cars /They don't take you very far /
Branded with dollar-sign shaped scars [[01. Branded]]
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Bridge**
Parading like you own the place /But give it time, we'll all forget your face [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
```
````
[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[01. Branded]]