---
Release Date: 
Album: 
Song Types:
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Verse 1**
Sound off for a wanted man
Slip of the tongue with a taste of a sleight of hand
Head held high, feet on the ground
Telling you I'm all ears but don't hear a sound

**Pre-Chorus**
And I'm losing it, so sick of it
The door's open but I built up a wall
Already done, I'm on the run
Rise up for the fall

**Chorus**
I could never say
The words it takes to make your heart break
And I can't live it down
So I'll live it up for you
I could never write
A line that shines as bright as your eyes
And I can't hold it up
So I'll lay it down for you

**Verse 2**
Sound off for the criminals
Wanted for stealing hearts and crushing souls
Head kept low, blend into the crowd
Wearing your shame like jewelry
Behold your crown

**Bridge**
Sound off for a wanted man
Slip of the tongue with a taste of a sleight of hand
Head held high, feet on the ground
Telling you I'm all ears but don't hear a sound
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Verse 1**
.
.
You oughta just stay quiet, you can't do that can you? [[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]

**Pre-Chorus**
(Any day I think I'm gonna break now) [[01. Branded]]
He found an open door inside /But the journey isn't right [[09. We Are Ignited]]
I patiently await the day /To pack my bags and run [[09. Madness]]
You're just in time to see the fall [[11. The Evil King]]

**Chorus**
Voice in my head said to keep on going
Don't let 'em see you bleed, don't want your weakness showing  [[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
And I don't know why
But I'm mesmerized by your broken eyes, ooh [[08. All I See]]
```
````

[[07. I'd Love to Break It to You]]
[[01. Branded]]
[[09. We Are Ignited]]
[[11. The Evil King]]
[[03. Live Long Enough to Become the Hero]]
[[08. All I See]]
[[09. Madness]]