---
Release Date: 2018-06-01
Album:
  - Paid in Exposure
  - The Critical Hits
  - VIP Mixtape
Song Types:
  - Original
---

````col
```col-md
#### Lyrics
**Intro**
One time for the saints and the sinners
You know you gotta put it down like a winner
Chances taken, smile 'til you fake it

**Verse 1**
My mind's running all the time
And I don't really like anything I find
Got time? 'Cause I'm out of mine
Had my ducks in a row, now they're slowly falling out of line
All day talking to myself
And I found that I don't really know me well
Flip through try to find a spell
Now we're stated, overrated
Now we're spawning from a special kind of hell

**Chorus**
One time for the saints and the sinners
You know you gotta put it down like a winner
Chances taken, smile 'til you fake it
None of this seems right
Two times for the wrecked and the worried
Your tainted mind will be your judge and your jury
Chances taken, smile 'til you fake it
Sick of it, yet I keep coming back
Oh, but I keep coming back

**Verse 2**
My mind's speaking every day
And I'm losing my shit over what it says
All day finding brand new ways
Like I'm lying to myself and it's got me feeling kinda cray
Another sleepless night
Another day where I think I'm giving up the fight
Come forth the morning light
Now my visions getting blurry
Everything is slowly fading out of sight

**Bridge**
I'm not the man I thought I was, but I swear that I'm gonna be
With every toxic little thought I have that's eating up inside of me
I've got a reason to carry on and it's keeping me afloat
But any day I can see myself sinking to the floor

**Outro**
One time for the saints and the sinners (Saints and the sinners)
You know you gotta put it down like a winner
Chances taken, smile 'til you fake it
None of this seems right
Two times for the wrecked and the worried (Wrecked and the worried)
Your tainted mind will be your judge and your jury
Chances taken, smile 'til you fake it (Ooh)
Sick of it, yet I keep coming back
```
```col-md
#### Connections
**Intro**
.
A thousand widened smiles /But none contain no empathy [[04. Take me Anywhere]]

**Verse 1**
Day and night my mind is running
Reaching out 'cause I want something more [[02. StopRewind]]
.
.
.
.
Can you break this spell? [[08. Nightmare]]
This world is what you need
Where the monsters roam and the demons all feed (Hey!) [[03. Phantom]]

**Chorus**
.
.
.
.
.
And don't commit no crime Find me innocent but still I serve my time [[10. Bones]]
.
.
.

**Verse 2**
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.

**Bridge**
I've got this thing in my heart I have to hide, It's eating at me from the inside [[03. Monster Inside]]
.
You're fighting back, don't know what you've been thinking
A walking burden, can't you see you're sinking? [[08. Drowning]]


```
````
[[04. Take me Anywhere]]
[[02. StopRewind]]
[[08. Nightmare]]
[[03. Phantom]]
[[10. Bones]]
[[03. Monster Inside]]
[[08. Drowning]]